Hi, Robert.
Robert Hammond: Hey how's it going
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good, how are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Able to get your medication, our work out.
Robert Hammond: Yes, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thanks for staying strong and reaching out to your resources, the right resources at that
Right.
Robert Hammond: And using
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That I didn't have that is doing right
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah we did an awesome job that's very real life experience for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A lot of people in the program. You know where they just automatically just default. I don't get my medication at the time that I need. I'll just go back to old habits, but you know, you chose to use advocacy follow up with the people that you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You could connect to and main dedicated to survive. So the for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like a delay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: not hearing you. Well,
Robert Hammond: Sorry.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I can hear you but at one point you just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Froze so wasn't sure what happened.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh no, now you have bad connection to work.
Robert Hammond: Right, yeah. My brother actually ended up coming into town.
Robert Hammond: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationship with your brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's
Robert Hammond: Been good, but I haven't spoken with him like for a couple years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Before that,
How come
Robert Hammond: You gotta, you gotta do a job and then he
Robert Hammond: ended up moving out to Phoenix, Arizona.
Robert Hammond: And
Robert Hammond: Honestly, like last time I
Robert Hammond: Pretty sure that we got in a fight.
Robert Hammond: I knew when I see him that he was gonna be
Robert Hammond: Able to talk to him, everything like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what what brought you guys to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A more amicable place.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Find a spot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a delay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can you hear me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Fading
Robert Hammond: Was it was it better when I was outside a little bit
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, I hear you good right now just now. Sounds good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is there anything any stressors have going on for you right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hey there, I'm here.
Robert Hammond: There.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right now, you sound it clear.
Robert Hammond: Yeah, it's
Robert Hammond: Pretty good right here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me ask you, because I have gotten some notifications. Whenever you complete the customer satisfaction survey and they just want me to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They mean program directors. Want me to discuss the survey with you, um, overall, it seemed like you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There weren't really much concerns when it comes to medication or therapy, but it said you rate it a two for general satisfaction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And service desired and so they wanted me to address.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The reasoning for the reign of the two
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And also when it comes to the amount of help.
Robert Hammond: Are you should apply these from the past ones, the ones
Robert Hammond: That could have been up with my medication. I wasn't good my medication or anything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, because it keeps coming up and I'm like, I think, is satisfied. So I'm not necessarily sure know what what the concern would be
Robert Hammond: I've been putting out fires across the board has been everything's been good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh my goodness. Yeah. This was from March 11 so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, are there any current concerns that you have with the program that you would like to
Robert Hammond: Know,
Robert Hammond: Like that, with that last week he kind of got me nervous and everything, but everything was thinking like right away and I was able to
Robert Hammond: Tell so
Robert Hammond: I do need to try to get a hold of my doctors email.
Robert Hammond: Just so I could send him an
Robert Hammond: Email like personally
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. So for all of our emails and all you need is the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: first initial my first name, last name,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right heart health.com
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So his email will be see element. A LL, I am eight in at right heart health. One word.com
Robert Hammond: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, so just remember, okay, what's the first name with that first initial that person was their last name and then I brought her health com
And
Robert Hammond: But other than that, I mean, I haven't had any
Robert Hammond: Any browser and think
Robert Hammond: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you were talking about your brother and the conflict that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Had you know, years ago in regards to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hear me okay yeah I'm in regards to him moving as well as like getting another job. And it seems that it's almost like he found a better outcome. And he kind of just like abandoned.
Family
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How, how are you guys. Now, how did you get to this resolution, where you can both be in the same home.
Robert Hammond: Actually, bye bye bye spur the moment
Robert Hammond: So I actually heard my, my mother talking
Robert Hammond: About him coming by. And that's how I knew that.
Robert Hammond: Out of jail.
Robert Hammond: For DWI.
Robert Hammond: more trouble than that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. What I heard was that she got in jail.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anything to us for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: More, more than the reason that they told you. That's all I heard
Robert Hammond: Right, so I think he actually got a domestic violence or something like that.
Robert Hammond: Because I mean that's that's like the only reason why somebody wouldn't be going to their house, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Possibly
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Will help you to be able to like avoid any conflict, while he's there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you remove yourself from from the stressor, you identify what the root.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Stress would be living on the same
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Them and then you found alternative means that it knows that you're in the financially stable place where you're able to do that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We're able to just read another
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I'm financially stable, but it was it was a better choice now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said you want to refrain from smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you want to balance your medication and you've been giving yourself too much negative stress and if it's a little more noticeable.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Worry about that.
Robert Hammond: Just because I've been decreasing on my medicine medicine.
Robert Hammond: You're still going down.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So with the tape rail.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You feel that the tapering is making a little
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: more anxious. So you notice that you're smoking wise result of things I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Well, what have you been
Robert Hammond: Trying to do other than smoking. What have you been doing to kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Find some of those eight inside
Robert Hammond: My nails candy.
Robert Hammond: Candy, or you can do a lot of that usually helps out
Robert Hammond: I've been holding up
Robert Hammond: Like games and stuff like that.
Robert Hammond: Instead of a cigarette.
Robert Hammond: Just got to
Robert Hammond: Keep them from
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Going. Yeah, so more tangible things that you can touch or feel you're working on those senses.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, sorry, working more of the sensory things. What about, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: thoughts, feelings behaviors. How are you addressing those don't
Robert Hammond: I think still like like
Robert Hammond: Like I said when I get on the phone or something.
Robert Hammond: Bad I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you tried the belly breathing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For your breathing from your stomach and not from your trust to help regulate get more that carbon dioxide going in your system to relieve some of anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you tried it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How is that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We did that.
Robert Hammond: It was pretty good. It actually use that in. If I still want
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We were doing a science project, right, what would your hypothesis be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The root
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Cause for your insight.
Robert Hammond: What do you think is like the thought behind that anxiety.
Robert Hammond: Is it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Worry
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Control. Give me some ideas of
Robert Hammond: Like just the worry of
Robert Hammond: being grounded.
Robert Hammond: In general, just, I mean, from what I grew up with.
Robert Hammond: Like I wasn't
Robert Hammond: I was never supposed to be that see in her her from
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: You know, when I was out in public, like I was supposed to be silent and
Robert Hammond: Not seeing stuff like that is weird.
Robert Hammond: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like that, in all aspects when it comes to social interactions or just through
An individual
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is everywhere.
Robert Hammond: Like, even when I
Walk down the street and everything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You take medication. Sounds like social anxiety.
Robert Hammond: No, I don't. I don't think
Robert Hammond: I actually this sponsors, with which been helping out a little bit.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Boxing is more so to treat
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The craving for the opioids and the drugs, it's not going to treat you know the service levels within your brain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's creating that anxiety. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then maybe let's apply some more practical skills. So the breathing that we talked about and then also kind of identifying
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The diffusion of those thoughts. So with you are accustomed to growing up, you know, not being seen not being heard, kind of like this isolation. This non existence and now your adult life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Being present being existed, and if the expectation is that you will participate. This is all different from years of childhood experiences. So identifying that fact that what is producing anxiety for me is the fact that this doesn't feel more this is it something that I'm used to.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so we have that from what you told me that's what I heard that this is just different for you, considering your drama. So this, this doesn't seem normal
Robert Hammond: For you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What else is it, what is the fear behind this isn't normal.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are you afraid.
Afraid might happen.
She
Robert Hammond: Was just being left. You know, I mean, I was always getting beyond
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Robert Hammond: But now,
Robert Hammond: I don't even remember.
Robert Hammond: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you've already eliminated one thread and, you know, and this adult life. I don't have to worry about me left behind. So that's one threat that's removed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From the scenario. So I don't know if you remember that scale I showed you about the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Unit of distress.
Robert Hammond: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The thermometer can go down just a little because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One of them being left behind, has been removed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But what are the worries or fears might come up when you have to login for group or individual there.
Robert Hammond: The other one we just stand alone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me more about being alone because you're in a group setting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then you're with me one on one. But the knowledge
Robert Hammond: Just
Robert Hammond: I feel like that.
Robert Hammond: Just had that
Robert Hammond: the Brooklyn Bridge.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is it a fear of being alone, or is it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, you're breaking up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you set the alarm part helped me to understand, is it the fear of being alone, or is it you have a preference.
To be
Robert Hammond: Alone.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Except
Robert Hammond: I don't mind.
Robert Hammond: Being alone again took me a while.
Robert Hammond: jump from one to another.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was that last part, Robert. We want to make sure I hear you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hey, here. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Repeat, repeat back to me what you were saying, I couldn't hear you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can't hear me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You hear me okay started coming in there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, you're, you're better now just barely anyway. You are you sound better now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I said, helped me to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Understand, um, and you told me that it is not a preference, you feel alone so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me, times where you haven't felt alone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert Hammond: I still feel it like now even with my relations everything you know it's something that I've always wanted for permission to be gone.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So well would be needed for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To feel like
Robert Hammond: incorporating into my
Robert Hammond: Present.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Present and having
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are you able to identify and when you show up for group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That people are present that there's a doctor and a therapist that's present there that you can trust.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To go does feel natural to you are right now.
Robert Hammond: Yeah, well those words like
Robert Hammond: Like it, I gotta read people I know. So people are, you know, still using her
Robert Hammond: Yeah, you know, some people are born screening, things like that. Like, you can see
It.
Robert Hammond: At the same time, I mean Uber still showing up so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Robert Hammond: Yeah, that amount of, you know, respected, even then that's good enough.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm hearing you say that the group setting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Create some level of mistrust for you because you feel that there are some people in the group that are still using but also on the other side, you still have empathy for them.
Because at least they're showing
Robert Hammond: Right there. So dragon bell
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Exactly. So do that. Does that assessment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Limit you in any way within the group setting.
No, not at all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Alright, so we've already dispelled two minutes already from the group dynamic right that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: being left behind, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's not going to happen. And also you're an adult. So you have the means to now and show where you will go where you want
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then also
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The mistress.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Isn't as dominant in that group setting. If you have the doctor, you have a therapist, even though there are some people that are questionable in group, you can operate from a sense of empathy to see in the spec that at least they're showing up now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For this setting, tell me your path because I know when we first started, it was the doctor telling you that you need to come here. So how did trust play a role in this dynamic in our individual therapy sessions.
Robert Hammond: Honestly, I was gonna
I know
Robert Hammond: I was kind of still upset with my medication called that how they're
Going all that
Robert Hammond: I think I probably was just be like trying to latch on them just for them messing up
Robert Hammond: More than it was me, actually, not wanting to them.
Robert Hammond: Because even before it ends with my other cancer. I was, I was talking to him and I even told him that I needed groups and stuff like that. Sure.
Robert Hammond: So that's why I was doing some of those IPs on it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So even though you know it was unnatural to be told to come to individual therapy, you were able to see some of the benefits of it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it seems like that's your ongoing thing that even if there is some mistress, or something that you observe that you may not like you try to see the other side and and relate some empathy.
Robert Hammond: That's a positive skill to have. Because most people see it through a filter lens, they only see what they want to see.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then, but look at the bigger picture I'm seeing that in this course of your sobriety in your emotional growth, you're trying to see more of the bigger picture.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's continue to develop that bigger picture when it comes to the enzyme really search to figure out what is the root of it. So some hypothesis you gave me is being left behind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You are already able to split that out on trial and realize that there's no evidence that supports that you're going to be left behind.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Individual group then we already mentioned trust is very important for you. So even though there's some elements where there may miss trust in a group setting and you're able to still see the empathy. Now, in these individual sessions. Are there any
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: any situations where you feel like you may not be able to trust me.
Robert Hammond: No, not at all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know at the beginning when we first started, you talked about the other therapists that kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Mentioned Something that you said, and then I reminded you of, you know, wow. Everything is confidential in therapy because of the licensure. There are some things that it limits the confidentiality has to be adjusted right and you are a threat to yourself or to others. But aside from that,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want you to hear that, what is said in our session stays here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So now we dispel that myth. When it comes to the individual sessions. So we've gotten out to the threats that you assess when it comes to your anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But it's still showing up because you said every time you log in and smoke.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that tells me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That there's more thoughts associated with your anxiety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, so keep searching and tell me what else have you identified what else is this
Anxiety.
Robert Hammond: Is the smoking itself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When it begins. Mm hmm. So kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Kind of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anxiety as a clutch to say this is why should smell.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that what I heard.
Robert Hammond: Pretty much, yes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, that's very
Robert Hammond: Honest, but I'm already like it just
Robert Hammond: Important right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. Okay, that was honest. So now you can see that the smoking is my preference for you. It's a habit that you want to be.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But when you attach it to a designer. It almost makes it more compromising and acceptable but continuously
Robert Hammond: Very
Robert Hammond: Good. I don't want to do with with using just like trying to justify
Neuberger, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's what happens. You probably noticed you're smoking and take increase
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you stop using because what happens is, you know, your brain has this dependency. It's been activated by a drug. And so now that it's been condition.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You replacing it with something that you feel is perhaps to say for drug. But now what's concerning is saying, I haven't identified something else that I have to give up. I'm not ready to give up.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so you justify rationalize well not doing drugs. I'm taking my Suboxone doing everything else. So if I just, if I just say the things it is reason why smoke, then I can, I can continue on with this as a coping. Now in this revelation. The two separate things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anxiety is a part of your mental illness and the smoking is just the way that you've been coping.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it's actually a preference for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To have it now.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We just pulled that this was a science experiment on part two different experiments. They are not together. We're not connected
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the next time you smoke. It's identifying is this really associated with some anxiety. I'm having and then assessing what are the roots attached to this anxiety and doing what we just did. If you can dispel all the threats, then you realize, oh, I'm just, I'm just smoking because feeling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And and that discovery alone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is going to help me with reducing some of the smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some people, they don't have a goal to quit altogether. They just want to reduce because they think it's it's better
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, over time, and then eventually you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What are your goals. What do you want when it comes to yes
Robert Hammond: I actually want to
Robert Hammond: Be like to play lead frequent smoking.
Robert Hammond: Especially once I get my kid back
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, yeah.
Robert Hammond: That was one of my big things when I did.
Robert Hammond: Have unless
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like
Robert Hammond: I went smoke around it.
Robert Hammond: No, I never met him see me smoking.
Robert Hammond: I even told him you know that
Robert Hammond: That was a Sunday. He shouldn't do.
Robert Hammond: Cuz I mean my grandfather died of a
Robert Hammond: Lot of my family members have died from it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So motivated, Robert.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It can't be an attachment to it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You just, you just helped us us to come to that discovery that it's different. And so the motivators are okay I realized that it's really not anxiety. So, smoking is not going to help the coal mines it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, I have a pre existing condition within my family that when they smoke, they end up dying.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I love my son and I want to be a healthy version for him and I don't want him to become a smoker for three reasons.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And with those three reasons you've already put in place some things to help you, the pins in your pocket.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, distracting yourself. What other things have you tried. I know Dr. Adrian. She's one of the doctors, she was trying to send different informational products to help patients that want to stop smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you ever contact with her.
Robert Hammond: No, actually I haven't. Okay, so what
Robert Hammond: Does my laptop turn
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, if you're interested, I could send an email with your name included letting her know that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're interested in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know her smoking cessation program and see what she has to
Offer
Robert Hammond: A reminder
Robert Hammond: You're going to be okay with the door.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: See her having a challenge. What I'll do is I will email. Dr. Gabriel about it. Tell her your doctor is and then she can connect all the dots and figure out how to get you connected with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, okay, I'll leave you out of the email, I'll just discuss it with her, with your permission, and then from there, she'll figure out the way to get you connected with what you need.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Better
Robert Hammond: Yeah, I was just gonna work. Like I said she was my my other doctor
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, this is totally isolated and she probably won't remember whatever challenges. It was so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, what, what are your takeaways from this session.
Robert Hammond: Smoking all that and then
Robert Hammond: Just how I justified it
I use
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My dancing.
Robert Hammond: Good job, and doing it. There you go.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nice biting your nails.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's, that's better.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you know I am nails over having to deal with smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I think that that to just that analysis was good and we wouldn't have been able to come to this if it wasn't for you, really, to be able to say, this is really what anxiety looks like for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And being able to see like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whoa, smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: These are two different images that are created. So we think about smoking. Again, just think about this, do that analysis do some of your belly breathing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where we put one hand on your heart on your chest, one hand on your belly and if your hand on your chest is the one that rises first that tells you that you're doing shallow breathing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Which you want to do is deep belly breathing to help with the relaxation. So that means the belt. The breathing is coming from the stomach.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you'll notice the difference and just getting that carbon dioxide flow through the body to get the blood flowing and to give you a more relaxed mind.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What do you have any plans for Memorial Day.
Robert Hammond: No, I don't even know what's coming up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All the day kind of seem the same I'm just been looking for a date to not work. So that's the only reason
Robert Hammond: I know my debug investing at all because I keep on working the weekends and everything so
Robert Hammond: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, let's see here when we do every two weeks. Right. Robert, open the next time I would meet with you will be June 2
At
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Six o'clock that works for you or you want to do earlier.
Robert Hammond: If
Robert Hammond: You if you want to really, again, we're
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, let's do a six. Okay, we'll stick with what works for you.
Robert Hammond: Are you sure we know we can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I was thinking either five or six o'clock. What do you think is best for you.
Robert Hammond: We're going to apply live
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, let's try
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right. And I'm going to send an email to Dr. Avery. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. And also, Dr. Alan and I know that you should
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Alright. Have a good night. Take care.
Robert Hammond: Bye.
Bye.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To session.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And stable mood appropriate effect patient discuss some anxiety. So some grounding exercises where explored with the patient psycho education on inviting about the fusion music DB T skills.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And some imagery. Also some motivational interviewing skills such as reframing and reflections, as well as affirmation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Information will be said to Dr. April with the patient consent in regards to patients entries and smoking cessation program.